These terms and conditions form the contract between the Customer (“USER”) and the AXIS BANK and shall be in addition to and not in derogation of other additional terms and conditions specifically stipulated at https://www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/default-document-library/axis-bank-upi-terms-and-conditions.pdf relating to any account of the USER and/or the respective product or the service provided by the BANK on ‘BHIM Axis Pay’ (Mobile Payment Application).

USER should have his/her Mobile Phone Number registered with his/her Bank for SMS/Mobile Banking and should have existing relationship with his/her Bank for availing this Facility and services thereunder, using this Mobile Payment Application. 

This Facility shall be made available to the Customer subject to the condition that he/she downloads the Mobile Payment Application and sets his/her Passcode. This Facility shall be made available only to the USER satisfying the eligibility criteria and shall be provided at the sole discretion of Axis Bank and may be discontinued by Axis Bank at any time, with prior notice to theUSER. 

USER shall be solely responsible for the accuracy of any Personal or other information provided for availing the services under this Facility and shall also be responsible for fund send or receive requests initiated through Mobile Payment Application .

USER shall also be responsible to comply with the applicable laws, rules & regulations governing such funds transfers as stipulated by Reserve Bank of India, from time to time.

USER herein agrees and accepts that, in case of any discrepancy in the information provided by him/her for availing this Facility and the onus thereof shall always be upon the USER only and thus USER agrees to furnish accurate information at all times to the Bank.

If the USER suspects that there is an error in the information supplied by Bank to him/her, he/she shall inform the Bank immediately. The Bank will endeavor to correct the error promptly wherever possible on a best effort basis. 

Bank shall not be held liable & responsible for any loss, cost or damage suffered by the USER due to disclosure of theirPersonal or any other information to a third party including Govt./Regulatory authorities by the Bank, for reasons inclusive but not limited to participation in any telecommunication or electronic clearing network, in compliance with a legal or regulatory directive, for statistical analysis or for credit ratingor for any legal or regulatory compliance. 

User is solely responsible for protecting his/herMobile phone/device, virtual address and  MPIN/UPI PIN set for the availing of this Facility under Mobile Payment Application.

USER shall be liable to the Bank for any kind of unauthorized or unlawful use, misuse or leakage  of any of the virtual address or  MPIN/UPI PIN/Passwords/Passcodes issued by the Bank in respect ofthe said facility or any fraudulent or erroneous instruction given by the USER and any financial charges thus incurred shall be payable by the USER only.

USER shall be liable for all loss, cost or damage, if he/she has breached the terms and conditions contained herein or other additional terms & conditions mentioned above or contributed or caused the loss by negligent actions or a failure on his/her part to advise the Bank within a reasonable time about any unauthorized access in his/her the account availed under said Facility.
